fix(ios-getting-started): add main app example with app delegate (#2916)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/project-setup/fragments/ios/create-application/40_verifyAmplifyLibraries.md

    return true
}
```

> **Note:** If you are building an app that conforms to the `App` protocol, you can instead create your own `AppDelegate` and use the `UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor` property wrapper to tell SwiftUI to use your `AppDelegate class` for the application delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If your app conforms to the `App` protocol, you can use your own `AppDelegate` class. Implement an `AppDelegate` and point Swift UI's `UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor` property wrapper to it, as below.
```
